There are a few things I like very much
admire that means on the one hand the
elegant running of the parachute that is the
geometric symmetry of
orchid blossom the passive perfect
statics of termite construction and the
Insane speed of all the
Cashier and the aldi at aldi are
it really good from time to time
plum schnapps and the great aldi
is so if you go and then
because of liquor or so shopping ours
there you go to suns were bank and
It's crazy to pay
this is an experience every time
Come with his dare on this goods
button now is so normal
means the man should not open bottles
were setting up because if the san
roque then fall around at the aldi's
were band because nothing jerks because that runs
by and indeed permanently with
a monkey tooth
there, when you open the bottles there
that fall by itself you have the
things are not so fast on the
Father already has some in front
The perpetrator is a single stone said
at a certain speed the
very close to the speed of light
The room expands and bends
now I have the Aldi on were
wall has me the tomato can at the
top edge still in hand
there it is under part of the scanner
over is a total lies in my
dare along with my whole
she already has a purchase market change
she was white in the left hand
Maybe I'll pay
she had already shouted the price to me
when I did not do anything on the tape
These are not cashes my ladies
and gentlemen thats these are the are
speedway stations the aldi collect the
are not normal women for me
are any speed witches
speed control zombies command over space
and time I do not know
she would not be surprised if
the next time we will have the price
when I'm in the store and even
not everything in the vague or have
when you come in
you come all turns around and calls
24 890 and connection are the me on
gang or my view of what I
will buy
are they with any undead and
Demons from the intermediate world in contact
it is any consumption
fortune teller looks with the third eye
that is so scary fascinating and
Stunning at the same time when I leave the
all that comes out then i need
right on the parking always the same
first in flames was also because me
then the reality caught up again
Of course it can all be done somehow
explain rationally
Of course you think so many people
are so fast because the kind of pressure
at the workplace have yes
speed specifications from above
somehow scared your job too
lose that is not true
the cashier is so fast
because they do not even look scanned anymore
was the edeka yes there must be the edk
cash the must but the barcode
seven times in front of this scanner
Turn it around before sometime
Convenient to pee all those
cashier who throw your time from
band now generates a bug beeping does
because any random number
yes yes yes, because they do not need that
more the cash registers already know all that
are connected directly ans
internet but the know my data the
you know everything you know internet
it is but we have it before
of yes that's aldi means he says
yes, not for nothing is aldi aldi what
is called all the all read your internet
yes and the bad thing is that it is not
only the internet data are in the
cash in there but that's all
networked and the data compared with
Resident registration office with tax office
phone flensburg health insurance bank has
again residence street furniture
liability power consumption mobile phone payback
I also have my heart rhythm
blood values h
urologist how long how many times to loo
Stadtwerke Sportverein clothing style
we do not just see that's much
but a tremendous number of cases
the multifariously linked profile data the
betrayed full lot
that's all in these coffers in there
we will automatically program it
who dedicates the know my fridge
contents that know my diary
So you know what I need and how
I take a lot of time to go shopping
can
you do not know mine last time
auto canon used the fill level
in my printer cartridges the clinic
favorite t from my aikido master
the air pressure in my tires in my
bicycle tires and the
menstrual cycle my sister she
if i log into the cash register software
at the aldi would hack and ask
Do my left knee today like me
would get an answer and the host
The cameras are hanging again because
of course because of the three thefts
in the day rub that in scanner this
know ours identify us
They know exactly when and how to get in
with the check my stress level
from my kind of exhaled air do the
a stomach content analysis knows what
I'm hungry and when I'm at the pizza
come over light up so the extra
and you know that I think that's it
Finally I was no longer myself
decide
That's like Susi in the car